README.md, before:

huawei-hilink-status
===================

Unsophisticated Python command-line utility to show device information and the connection status from Huawei HiLink modems. Tested with Huawei's E3276 and E3372 modems.

## Installation
The utility uses the xmltodict module which can be installed using ```pip```:
```
apt-get install python-pip
pip install xmltodict
```

## Usage example

```
$ python ./hstatus.py
Huawei E3276 LTE Modem (IMEI: 861711012616361)
  Hardware version: CH2F4276GM
  Software version: 22.250.04.00.186
  Web UI version: 22.100.05.00.03
  Serial: B3A3TC2313833197
  MAC address (modem): 00:0D:87:22:34:AC
  Connection status: Connected
    Network type: UMTS (3G)
    Signal level: ▁▃▄▆█ (92%)
    Roaming: Enabled
    Modem WAN IP address: 10.197.32.60
    Public IP address: 32.131.81.221
    DNS IP addresses: 212.113.0.4, 66.28.0.61
    Network operator: Swisscom
    Connected for: 00:49:33 (hh:mm:ss)
    Downloaded: 737.0 KB
    Uploaded: 178.0 KB
  Total downloaded: 47.69 MB
  Total uploaded: 19.86 MB
  Unread SMS: 1
```

Commit message:

And info on using rpm to install xmltodict for python

README.md, after:

huawei-hilink-status
===================

Unsophisticated Python command-line utility to show device information and the connection status from Huawei HiLink modems. Tested with Huawei's E3276 and E3372 modems.

## Installation
The utility uses the xmltodict module which can be installed using ```pip```:
```
apt-get install python-pip
pip install xmltodict
```  
Or using ```rpm``` on CentOS from the EPEL repo:
```
sudo yum install python-xmltodict
```

## Usage example

```
$ python ./hstatus.py
Huawei E3276 LTE Modem (IMEI: 861711012616361)
  Hardware version: CH2F4276GM
  Software version: 22.250.04.00.186
  Web UI version: 22.100.05.00.03
  Serial: B3A3TC2313833197
  MAC address (modem): 00:0D:87:22:34:AC
  Connection status: Connected
    Network type: UMTS (3G)
    Signal level: ▁▃▄▆█ (92%)
    Roaming: Enabled
    Modem WAN IP address: 10.197.32.60
    Public IP address: 32.131.81.221
    DNS IP addresses: 212.113.0.4, 66.28.0.61
    Network operator: Swisscom
    Connected for: 00:49:33 (hh:mm:ss)
    Downloaded: 737.0 KB
    Uploaded: 178.0 KB
  Total downloaded: 47.69 MB
  Total uploaded: 19.86 MB
  Unread SMS: 1
```
